Incorporate feedback into shared control plane docs (#6934)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/multicluster/shared/index.md

Generate intermediate CA certificates for each cluster's CA from your
organization's root CA. The shared root CA enables mutual TLS communication
across different clusters. For illustration purposes, the following instructions

> use the certificates from the Istio samples directory for both cluster.

Reviewer: c/cluster/clusters

> the remote clusters. Choose between **one** of the two options below:

Reviewer 2: Feel free to ignore if this out out of scope for this PR, but I would cut the word "between".

(You can say "choose between the two options" or you can say "choose one of the two options", but saying "choose between one of the two options" isn't quite grammatical.)

Reviewer 2: Nitpicky followup thought: Also consider slight changes to the phrasing here to match the phrasing below, where it says "Pick one of the two options". So you could remove the bolding on "one" here and change "Choose" to "Pick", to be consistent with the later line. But fine to leave this alone.

Author: ```suggestion
the remote clusters. Pick one of the two options:
```

* Option (1) - Use the `istio-ingressgateway` gateway shared with data traffic.

* Option (2) - Use a cloud provider’s internal load balancer on the Istiod service. See
[Kubernetes Internal Load Balancer docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#internal-load-balancer)
and your cloud provider's documentation for additional requirements and restrictions that may apply when using an internal load balancer

> between clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Option (2) - Use a cloud provider’s internal load balancer on the Istiod
  service. For additional requirements and restrictions that may apply when using
  an internal load balancer between clusters, see
  [Kubernetes internal load balancer documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#internal-load-balancer)
  and your cloud provider's documentation.
```

Description of my recommended changes:
* Reverse the order of the clauses to put the condition first. (https://developers.google.com/style/clause-order)
* Lowercase "internal load balancer" to match the case used on the linked-to page.
* Change "docs" to "documentation". (https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#documentation)

### Main cluster

Create the main cluster's configuration. Pick one of the two options for cross-cluster
control plane access.

{{< tabset category-name="platform" >}}
{{< tab name="istio-ingressgateway" category-value="istio-ingressgateway" >}}

{{< text yaml >}}
cat <<EOF> istio-main-cluster.yaml
apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha1
kind: IstioOperator
spec:
  values:

>     # selfSigned is required if Citadel is enabled (i.e. when values.global.istiod.enabled=false)

Reviewer 2: If possible, avoid using "i.e." (https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#ie)

This note also applies to other instances of "i.e." in this document.

>     # selfSigned is required if Citadel is enabled (i.e. when values.global.istiod.enabled=false)

Author: ```suggestion
    # selfSigned is required if Citadel is enabled, that is when values.global.istiod.enabled is false.
```

{{< text bash >}}
$ istioctl --context=${MAIN_CLUSTER_CTX} manifest apply -f istio-main-cluster.yaml
{{< /text >}}

Wait for the control plane to be ready before proceeding.

{{< text bash >}}
$ kubectl --context=${MAIN_CLUSTER_CTX} -n istio-system get pod
NAME                                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
istio-ingressgateway-7c8dd65766-lv9ck   1/1     Running   0          136m
istiod-f756bbfc4-thkmk                  1/1     Running   0          136m
prometheus-b54c6f66b-q8hbt              2/2     Running   0          136m
{{< /text >}}

Set the `ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP` environment variable based on which remote control
plane configuration option was selected earlier.

{{< tabset category-name="platform" >}}

{{< tab name="istio-ingressgateway" category-value="istio-ingressgateway" >}}

{{< text bash >}}
$ export ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP=$(kubectl --context=${MAIN_CLUSTER_CTX} -n istio-system get svc istio-ingressgateway -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}')
$ echo "ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP is ${ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP}"
{{< /text >}}

{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab name="Internal Load Balancer" category-value="internal-load-balancer" >}}

{{< text bash >}}

> $ export ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP=$(kubectl --context=${MAIN_CLUSTER_CTX}  -n istio-system get svc istiod -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}')

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: This has two spaces before the "-n"; the other tab has only one space before the "-n". But fine to leave alone.

> $ export ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP=$(kubectl --context=${MAIN_CLUSTER_CTX}  -n istio-system get svc istiod -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}')

Author: ```suggestion
$ export ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP=$(kubectl --context=${MAIN_CLUSTER_CTX} -n istio-system get svc istiod -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}')
```

        clusterName: ${REMOTE_CLUSTER_NAME}
      network: ${REMOTE_CLUSTER_NETWORK}

>       # Replaces ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP with the the value of ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP set earlier.

Reviewer 2: I think this change is confusing. It seems to be saying that the following line of code replaces ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP, but I don't think that's what the code does. But I may be wrong or confused.

Author: ```suggestion
      # Replace ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP with the the value of ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP set earlier.
```

      remotePilotAddress: ${ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP}

>   ## The ingressgateway is not required in the remote cluster if both clusters are on

Reviewer 2: Is "ingressgateway" correct? In the next line of this comment, it says "ingress-gateway" with a hyphen; then in the commented-out lines, it says "ingressGateways" and "istio-ingressgateway". All four of those may be correct, I'm not sure. But because they're all different, I wanted to check.

Author: ```suggestion
  ## The istio-ingressgateway is not required in the remote cluster if both clusters are on
```

Author: The service and deployment name is `istio-ingressgateway`. The config field is istioGateways.

>   ## the same network. Uncomment the lines below to disable the ingress-gateway component.

Reviewer 2: Reverse the clause order: "To disable the ingress-gateway component, uncomment the lines below."

Author: ```suggestion
  ## the same network. To disable the istio-ingressgateway component, uncomment the lines below.```

$ istioctl --context ${REMOTE_CLUSTER_CTX} manifest apply -f istio-remote0-cluster.yaml
{{< /text >}}

Wait for the remote cluster to be ready.

{{< text bash >}}
$ kubectl --context=${REMOTE_CLUSTER_CTX} -n istio-system get pod
NAME                                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
istio-ingressgateway-55f784779d-s5hwl   1/1     Running   0          91m
istiod-7b4bfd7b4f-fwmks                 1/1     Running   0          91m
prometheus-c6df65594-pdxc4              2/2     Running   0          91m
{{< /text >}}

{{< tip >}}
The istiod deployment running in the remote cluster is providing automatic sidecar injection and CA
services to the remote cluster's pods. These services were previously provided by the sidecar injector

> and Citadel deployments which no longer exist with Istiod. The remote cluster's pods are

Reviewer 2: Add a comma after "Citadel deployments". Unless I'm misunderstanding the sentence, which I might be.

Author: ```suggestion
and Citadel deployments, which no longer exist with Istiod. The remote cluster's pods are
```

ENDPOINT             STATUS      OUTLIER CHECK     CLUSTER
10.10.0.90:5000      HEALTHY     OK                outbound|5000||helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local
192.23.120.32:443    HEALTHY     OK                outbound|5000||helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local
{{< /text >}}

In the main cluster, the endpoints are the gateway IP of the remote cluster (`192.23.120.32:443`) and
the helloworld pod IP in the main cluster (`10.10.0.90:5000`).

{{< text bash >}}
$ kubectl --context=${REMOTE_CLUSTER_CTX} -n sample get pod -l app=sleep -o name | cut -f2 -d'/' | \
    xargs -I{} istioctl --context=${REMOTE_CLUSTER_CTX} -n sample proxy-config endpoints {} --cluster "outbound|5000||helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local"
ENDPOINT             STATUS      OUTLIER CHECK     CLUSTER
10.32.0.9:5000       HEALTHY     OK                outbound|5000||helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local
192.168.1.246:443    HEALTHY     OK                outbound|5000||helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local
{{< /text >}}

In the remote cluster, the endpoints are the gateway IP of the main cluster (`192.168.1.246:443`) and

> pod IP in the main cluster (`10.32.0.9:5000`).

Reviewer 2: Add "the" before "pod IP", to match the phrasing of lines 481-482, above?

Author: ```suggestion
the pod IP in the main cluster (`10.32.0.9:5000`).
```

## Uninstalling the remote cluster

To uninstall the remote cluster, run the following command:

{{< text bash >}}
$ istioctl --context=${REMOTE_CLUSTER_CTX} manifest generate -f istio-remote0-cluster.yaml | \

>     kubectl delete -f - --context=${REMOTE_CLUSTER_CTX}

Reviewer: I think you need to remove the blank lines in the text bash as only yet first line copies and runs.

Reviewer: Removing the lines does get the whole block selected.

$ istioctl x create-remote-secret --context=${REMOTE_CLUSTER_CTX} --name ${REMOTE_CLUSTER_NAME} | \
    kubectl delete -f - --context=${MAIN_CLUSTER_CTX}

> 

Reviewer: The `istioctl x create-remote-secret --context=${REMOTE_CLUSTER_CTX} --name ${REMOTE_CLUSTER_NAME} | \
    kubectl delete -f - --context=${MAIN_CLUSTER_CTX}` yields:
```
error: could not get access token to read resources from local kube-apiserver: serviceaccounts "istio-reader-service-account" not found
No resources found
```

$ unset REMOTE_CLUSTER_CTX REMOTE_CLUSTER_NAME REMOTE_CLUSTER_NETWORK
$ rm istio-remote0-cluster.yaml
{{< /text >}}

To uninstall the main cluster, run the following command:

{{< text bash >}}
$ istioctl --context=${MAIN_CLUSTER_CTX} manifest generate -f istio-main-cluster.yaml | \
    kubectl delete -f - --context=${MAIN_CLUSTER_CTX}

> 

Reviewer: Remove blank line

Reviewer: Also need to remove _cluster-aware-gateway.yaml_

Reviewer: Also delete the _sample_ namespace in each cluster.

Reviewer: And needed an unset on _ISTIOD_REMOTE_EP_

> To uninstall the remote cluster run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
To uninstall the remote cluster, run the following command:
```

{{< text bash >}}
$ istioctl --context=${REMOTE_CLUSTER_CTX} manifest generate -f istio-remote0-cluster.yaml | \
    kubectl delete -f - --context=${REMOTE_CLUSTER_CTX}

$ istioctl x create-remote-secret --context=${REMOTE_CLUSTER_CTX} --name ${REMOTE_CLUSTER_NAME} | \
    kubectl delete -f - --context=${MAIN_CLUSTER_CTX}

$ unset REMOTE_CLUSTER_CTX REMOTE_CLUSTER_NAME REMOTE_CLUSTER_NETWORK
$ rm istio-remote0-cluster.yaml
{{< /text >}}

> To uninstall the main cluster run the following command:

Reviewer 2: Add a comma after "cluster". (https://developers.google.com/style/commas#commas-after-introductory-words-and-phrases)

And do the same on line 526, above.

Author: ```suggestion
To uninstall the main cluster, run the following command:
```
